Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, September 5, 1882, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Harper's Young People, September 5, 1882
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: May 23, 2019 [EBook #59586]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, SEPT 5, 1882 ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. III.--NO. 149. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, September 5, 1882. Copyright, 1882, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50
per Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: "TOO HOT!"--DRAWN BY JESSIE SHEPHERD.]




THE BURIAL OF THE OLD FLAG.

BY MARY A. BARR.


  There is not in all the north countrie,
    Nor yet on the Humber line,
  A town with a prouder record than
    Newcastle-upon-the-Tyne.
  Roman eagles have kept its walls;
    Saxon, and Dane, and Scot
  Have left the glamour of noble deeds,
    With their names on this fair spot.
  From the reign of William Rufus,
    The monarchs of every line
  Had a grace for loyal Newcastle,
    The city upon the Tyne.

  By the Nuns' Gate, and up Pilgrim Street,
    What pageants have held their way!
  But in seventeen hundred and sixty-three,
    One lovely morn in May,
  There was a sight in bonnie Newcastle!
    Oh, that I had been there!
  To hear the call of the trumpeters
    Thrilling the clear spring air,
  To hear the roar of the cannon,
    And the drummer's gathering beat,
  And the eager hum of the multitudes
    Waiting upon the street.

  Just at noon was a tender hush,
    And a funeral march was heard;
  With arms reversed and colors tied,
    Came the men of the Twenty-third.
  And Lennox, their noble leader, bore
    The shreds of a faded flag,
  The battle-flag of the regiment,
    Shot to a glorious rag;
  Shot into shreds upon its staff,
    Torn in a hundred fights,
  From the torrid plains of India
    To the cold Canadian heights.

  There was not an inch of bunting left;
    How could it float again
  Over the faithful regiment
    It never had led in vain?
  And oh, the hands that had carried it!
    It was not cloth and wood;
  It stood for a century's heroes,
    And was crimson with their blood;
  It stood for a century's comrades.
    They could not cast it away,
  And so with a soldier's honors
    They were burying it that day.

  In the famous old North Humber fort,
    Where the Roman legions trod,
  With the roar of cannon and roll of drums
    They laid it under the sod.
  But it wasn't a tattered flag alone
    They buried with tender pride;
  It was every faithful companion
    That under the flag had died.
  It was honor, courage, and loyalty
    That thrilled that mighty throng
  Standing bare-headed and silent as
    The old flag passed along.

  So when the grasses had covered it,
    There was a joyful strain;
  And the soldiers, stirred to a noble thought,
    Marched proudly home again.
  The citizens went to their shops once more,
    The collier went to his mine;
  The shepherd went to the broomy hills,
    And the sailor to the Tyne;
  But men and women and children felt
    That it had been well to be
  Just for an hour or two face to face
    With honor and loyalty.

     NOTE.--In May, 1763, the soldiers of the Twenty-third Regiment of
     the British army buried with military honors at Newcastle-on-Tyne
     the regimental flag, which had been torn to shreds at the battle of
     Minden.




A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.

BY ALLAN FORMAN.


One rainy day, as the children were amusing themselves by ransacking
their uncle Harry's closets, Tom pulled his hand out suddenly from the
back part of a deep drawer, and shouted triumphantly, "Preserves!" at
the same time holding out a large glass jar for inspection. A cry of
disgust followed, for instead of preserves there was nothing in the
bottle but a strange-looking animal floating in some brown liquid.

"Pah! It's a horrid bug," said Alice, turning up her nose in disgust.

"'Tain't," contradicted Charlie, regardless of his grammar. "It's a
tarantula."

"And what is that but a bug?" replied Alice.

"It's a spider," said Charlie. "You ask Uncle Harry if it isn't."

In the mean time Tom and Alice had taken the jar over to the desk where
Uncle Harry was writing.

"What is this, Uncle Harry?" said Alice.

"It is a tarantula. I brought it home from California with me."

"I told you so!" exclaimed Charlie, from the closet.

"It is a kind of spider, and one of the largest that lives in this
country. They don't make webs like ordinary spiders, but dig a hole in
the ground and line it with a sort of silky web like the cocoon of a
silk-worm. Their hole is about six inches deep, and is closed by a funny
little trap-door made of the same silky lining, and covered on the
outside with sticks and gravel so cleverly that one can rarely find a
tarantula's burrow unless you see him going in; and even if you do see
him going in, it is very difficult to get him to come out, as he pulls
his trap-door shut after him, and holds it tight from the inside."

"If he don't build a web, how does he catch flies and things?" inquired
Charlie.

"He jumps after them. A lively tarantula can jump from three to five
feet, and when he once catches hold of any kind of a bug or small bird
with those great hairy legs, it has but little chance to get away."

"Is their bite really so poisonous?" asked Alice, eying the jar rather
timidly, as if she was afraid the terrible insect would get away.

"That question is a hard one to answer. Some people who have lived in
countries where they are common claim that it is only fatal in a few
cases, while others seem to think it is deadly poison."

"What are you laughing at, Uncle Harry?" demanded Charlie.

"I was thinking of the most horrible night I ever experienced," replied
his uncle. "You know," he continued, "while I was in the West I spent
some two weeks camping out in the mountains with a party of four young
men. We had an old cabin, where we slept at night, and we spent our days
delightfully, fishing, hunting, geologizing, and botanizing. We had not
been in camp long before we discovered a tarantula village not far from
our cabin, and we all determined to catch some specimens to take home
with us. At first we had considerable trouble in catching them; they
were so lively and so ugly that we always ended in killing them in
self-defense. At last a brilliant member of the party discovered that by
placing a wide-mouthed bottle over the mouth of the tarantula's burrow,
and then thumping on the ground around it, the animal would crawl out
into the bottle, and the captor could turn the bottle over, clap a piece
of board over the top, and secure his prisoner. As soon as the discovery
was made known, all the old pickle jars were called into requisition,
and as the former occupants of the cabin had left a number, we were soon
lucky, or unlucky, enough to have about twenty-five large specimens. We
covered the jars with bits of shingle, and set them on a shelf which
was nailed to one side of the cabin. Everything went well, and we
determined that as soon as we had leisure we would kill them with
chloroform, and preserve them in spirits as that one is. But one night,
after we had all got comfortably settled for sleep, one of the party
thought that he was thirsty, so rising carefully from his bunk, he
groped his way over to the corner, under the shelf, where the water-pail
stood; he had his drink, and forgetting the existence of the shelf,
raised his head. Crash! down came the rotten old shelf, and down came
the jars with the tarantulas in them. The party heard the fall, and like
one man sprang from their beds and rushed for the door, but before they
had got half-way across the floor they remembered that the tarantulas
were loose, and they stopped; a moment more and it was too late. We were
all afraid to move, for fear that we would put our feet on a tarantula;
so there we stood, as if turned into statues. In a short time our
positions became strained and cramped, but we did not dare to change
them. Our nerves became excited, and we imagined that we could feel them
crawling up our backs and walking over our bare feet. The minutes seemed
lengthened to hours, and the hours seemed months. At last the day began
to break, but we had manufactured curtains out of old newspapers, that
we might sleep undisturbed by the light. Oh, how we bemoaned our
laziness! Finally it grew light enough to see, and we carefully opened
the door and went out. One of the party went back into the cabin and got
our clothes, and after examining them carefully we dressed ourselves."

"And nobody was bitten?" said Alice, with a sigh of relief.

"No," replied her uncle, rising from his chair as the supper-bell rang;
"but I don't think I ever was so badly scared before or since."




PLANTS AND ANIMALS--THEIR DIFFERENCE.

BY MRS. S. B. HERRICK.


[Illustration: FIG. 1.]

[Illustration: FIG. 1_a_.]

If the question were put to you suddenly, "What is the difference
between a plant and an animal?" how do you think you would answer? Stop
a minute, and think. Do not be satisfied with saying that a plant has
leaves, and an animal has not. Look deeper, and answer more
thoughtfully. There are many plants which have no leaves, nor roots, nor
flowers, and there are some animals which seem to have all these things
(Figs. 1 and 1_a_). In some cases they are so much alike (Figs. 2 and 3)
that it has taken the most careful study to decide whether they are
plants or animals.

[Illustration: FIG. 2.--ANIMAL.]

[Illustration: FIG. 3.--VEGETABLE.]

Look up into the bright blue sky, and then down at the solid earth
beneath your feet--you do not find any difficulty in telling, without
taking a moment to think, which is sky and which is earth; but if you
are so happy as to live in the wide open country, or near the sea, or on
a lofty hill, look off and off and off until you see only the delicate
blue haze, like smoke, which divides the heavens from the earth. You can
often see the same thing by looking from the upper windows of a high
house. You will find that many and many a time you can not tell which is
earth and which is air.

[Illustration: FIG. 4.]

Just so it is in the world of nature. You may look at a group of cows
standing under the trees, or watch the merry little grasshoppers
skipping about in the weeds, or catch a bee at his early drink in a
morning-glory bell, and you would laugh if anybody asked you if you
could tell the animal from the plant. But get far enough away from these
common things, and study the animals and plants that need your
microscope to see them, and you would find things so much alike that you
could not tell which was which. Many of these plants have no roots nor
leaves, no flowers nor seed, and many of the animals have no heads nor
legs, no eyes, nor mouths, nor stomachs. In Fig. 4, _a_ is a plant, and
_b_ is an animal. Now how do you suppose anybody knows this? People who
study these things do not _guess_--they _know_. The real difference lies
in what these tiny little creatures do, not at all how they are formed.

About three-fourths of all the kinds of sea-weed, for instance, are
found to be animal--not one animal, but a colony. The other fourth are
vegetables. All these used to be considered vegetables; so did the
sponge and the coral and the sea-anemones, and they are all now known to
be animals. Every time you play the game of "Twenty Questions" you have
to think and decide whether the particular thing you have chosen is
"animal, vegetable, or mineral." Have you any notion what makes the real
difference between them?

I imagine that, sooner or later, you will think and say the difference
is that animals can move and plants can not. That will be a very
sensible conclusion if you do come to it, though not a correct one, for
plants do move, some of them very much as animals do; others, and the
greater number, in another way; which all seems very wonderful, and
which I want to talk over next time.

What makes the real, deep-down difference is this: Plants can live on
mineral matters alone, on earth and water and air, and these things they
can change into their own flesh and blood, their stems and sap and
fruit. Animals can only live on what the plants have already turned from
dead into living material. We need water--that is a mineral--and salt
and air, which are minerals too, if we are to keep alive and well. But
we can not live on these things alone: we should soon die if we had no
food; and all really nourishing food, all that keeps our blood warm and
makes us grow, has once been vegetable. Not one bird, or fish, or
animal, not one single human being, could ever have lived on this earth,
in the air, or in the water, if the plants had not come first, and
prepared the earth for us to live in.

These are "sure enough" fairies that are forever working their wonders
for us. The roots, like elves, grope down in the earth, and gather its
treasures; the leaves stretch out into the air, and gather its riches,
and out of what they have collected they weave the beautiful flowers and
delicious fruits and golden grain.

I should like to make very clear just the way they do this: it is very
wonderful and beautiful to study how they work their spells. First, the
root, as we have seen before, with its little helmet, bores its way down
into the earth. If it finds no water or damp earth it soon wilts and
dies, but if it finds a wet place it begins to soak up moisture. Besides
the water, it sucks up all the parts of the earth that are dissolved in
the water. The water it _must_ have, and it will manage to live awhile
on that alone, as Dr. Tanner did, but it can not live so very long. Poor
ground means ground that has little or no plant food in it.

You know, if you ever did any gardening work, that you can stick a
cutting of geranium or begonia into pure sand that has no nourishment at
all in it, and that if you keep it well watered the cutting will strike
out roots and bear leaves. This is, in fact, the best way to start
cuttings, for mould is a little apt to rot the stem, but the sand
preserves it. After a while the baby plant is tired of doing nothing but
sucking, and cries for some stronger food. Then you must put it into
rich earth, still giving it plenty of water. The roots, like the baby's
stomach, will at first be satisfied with a very milk-and-watery diet,
but after a while it must have a strengthening soup.

The roots bring the plant a good deal, but the leaves are the principal
feeders. You remember, perhaps, reading about the millions of little
mouths the plant has all over its leaves. These mouths bring both food
to nourish and air to sustain the plant. A fish keeps itself alive by
sucking the water it lives in all the while through its gills. It gets
out of the water whatever it needs--air and some food. The plants are
like fishes; their water is the great ocean of air that lies on the
surface of the earth. They draw it in through their mouths, take out of
it all they need, and then breathe the rest out again.

[Illustration: FIG. 5.]

[Illustration: FIG. 6.]

In Fig. 5 you see a piece of a liverwort leaf cut down through the
mouth, and in Fig. 6 another kind, a blue-flag (_l l_, lips; _h h_,
hollow of the mouth).

Air is a curious mixture. It is a gas made of several gases stirred
together as you stir tea and milk and sugar. One of these gases is
called oxygen (don't be afraid of the hard names); that is what keeps us
alive. I won't give you the name of the next, because it is only used,
like the milk, to weaken the tea. The third is a very disagreeable and
dangerous gas, called _carbonic acid gas_. It is this last that makes
your head ache in a crowded room or car. This is what you hear of every
now and then as _choke-damp_, which suffocates people down in mines and
deep wells. It is this which comes from burning charcoal, and makes it
sure death to burn it in a closed room. There is very little of this
dangerous stuff even in close air. Carbonic acid gas, though so
poisonous, is made up of two things, which are very good and perfectly
harmless when they are separated--carbon and the life-giving oxygen.
Carbon is coal, or something like coal. United together, these two
harmless things make a dreadfully dangerous one, just as innocent
saltpetre, sulphur, and charcoal unite to form the deadly gunpowder.

Now notice how beautifully plants and animals are made to live together
and help each other. Animals breathe in the air, and help themselves to
the oxygen which keeps them alive, but breathe out the deadly carbonic
acid gas. Plants breathing the air separate by some wonderful power of
their own the carbonic acid gas into carbon and oxygen, help themselves
to the carbon, and breathe out the oxygen. What plants consume we throw
away as useless, and what plants breathe out sustains our life. That is
the reason why the country is apt to be so much more healthy than the
city. The air that is poisoned by people and fires becomes purified by
plants.

Unlike the fairies of the story-book, who do all their good deeds by
night, these little plant fairies work only by the light. The sun is
their master, and his first ray is their call from sleep. They set to
work in a minute, separating the dangerous carbonic acid gas into carbon
and oxygen; and while they use the carbon and grow by it as you do by
your food, they are giving back the sweet pure oxygen to the air. All
day long they are at their good work; but when the sun sinks behind the
hills, they do not need any sunset gun to tell them their time of rest
has come. They drop work at once, and drop their fairy ways; they begin
right away to behave as the animals do--to breathe in oxygen and breathe
out the hateful carbonic acid. That is the reason it is not healthy to
sleep in a room with flowers at night, though they are so good to have
in the daytime.

We owe our lives to the plants--the food we eat, the pure air we
breathe, as well as much of the rain that falls from heaven. They are
ministering angels, and the loving, tender heavenly Father has appointed
them their work to do--to beautify the earth and purify the air under
the guidance of the glorious sun, which He has created, and which He
keeps in its appointed path.




THE CRUISE OF THE CANOE CLUB.[1]

[1] Begun in No. 146, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

BY W. L. ALDEN,

AUTHOR OF "THE MORAL PIRATES," "THE CRUISE OF THE 'GHOST,'" ETC., ETC.

CHAPTER IV.


From the books they had read, Harry and Joe had learned exactly what to
do in case of capsizing under sail, and had often discussed the matter.
"When I capsize," Harry would say, "I shall pull the masts out of her,
and she'll then right of her own accord. Then I shall unship the rudder,
put my hands on the stern-post, and raise myself up so that I can
straddle the deck, and gradually work my way along until I can get into
the cockpit. After that I shall bail her out, step the masts, and sail
on again." Nothing could be easier than to describe this plan while
sitting in a comfortable room on shore, but to carry it out in a rough
sea was a different affair.

Harry was not at all frightened when he found himself in the water, and
he instantly swam clear of the canoe to avoid becoming entangled in her
rigging. He then proceeded to unship the masts and the rudder, and when
this was done, tried to climb in over the stern. He found that it was
quite impossible. No sooner would he get astride of the stern than the
canoe would roll and throw him into the water again. After half a dozen
attempts he gave it up, and swimming to the side of the canoe, managed
to throw himself across the cockpit. This was the way in which Charley
Smith had climbed into his canoe the day before, and to Harry's great
surprise--for no such method of climbing into a canoe had been mentioned
in any of the books he had read--it proved successful.

Of course the deck of the canoe was now level with the water, which
washed in and out of her with every sea that struck her. Harry seized
the empty tin can which he used as a bailer, and which was made fast to
one of the timbers of the canoe with a line to prevent it from floating
away, but he could not make any headway in bailing her out. The water
washed into her just as fast as he could throw it out again, and he
began to think that he should have to paddle the canoe ashore full of
water. This would have been hard work, for with so much water in her she
was tremendously heavy and unwieldy; but after getting her head up to
the wind with his paddle, he found that less water washed into her, and
after long and steady work, he succeeded in bailing most of it out.

[Illustration: NOT SO EASY AS IT LOOKS.]

Meanwhile Charley, whose help Harry had declined, because he felt so
sure that he could get out of his difficulty by following the plan that
he had learned from books on canoeing, was trying to help Joe. At first
Joe thought it was a good joke to be capsized. His Lord Ross
lateen-sail, with its boom and yard, had floated clear of the canoe of
its own accord, and as the only spar left standing was a mast about two
feet high, she ought to have righted. But Joe had forgotten to lash his
sand-bag to the keelson, and the result was that whenever he touched the
canoe she would roll completely over, and come up on the other side. Joe
could neither climb in over the stern nor throw himself across the deck,
and every attempt he made resulted in securing for him a fresh ducking.
Charley tried to help him by holding on to the capsized canoe, but he
could not keep it right side up; and as Joe soon began to show signs of
becoming exhausted, Charley was about to insist that he should hang on
to the stern of the _Midnight_, and allow himself to be towed ashore,
when Tom in the _Twilight_ arrived on the scene.

Tom had seen the _Dawn_ and the _Sunshine_ capsize, and was far enough
to leeward to have time to take in his sail before the squall reached
him. It therefore did him no harm, and he paddled up against the wind to
help his friends. It took him some time to reach the _Dawn_, for it blew
so hard that when one blade of the paddle was in the water, he could
hardly force the other blade against the wind. Before the cruise was
over he learned that by turning one blade at right angles to the
other--for the two blades of a paddle are joined together by a ferrule
in the middle--he could paddle against a head-wind with much less labor.

The _Twilight_, being an undecked "Rice Lake" canoe, could easily carry
two persons, and, with the help of Charley and Tom, Joe climbed into
her. Charley then picked up the floating sail of the _Dawn_, made her
painter fast to his own stern, and started under paddle for the shore.
It was not a light task to tow the water-logged canoe, but both the sea
and the wind helped him, and he landed by the time that the other boys
had got the camp fire started and the coffee nearly ready.

"Well," said Harry, "I've learned how to get into a canoe to-day. If I'd
stuck to the rule, and tried to get in over the stern, I should be out
in the lake yet."

"I'm going to write to the London _Field_ and get it to print my new
rule about capsizing," said Joe.

"What's that?" asked Charley. "To turn somersaults in the water? That
was what you were doing all the time until Tom came up."

"That was for exercise, and had nothing to do with my rule, which is,
'Always have a fellow in a "Rice Lake" canoe to pick you up.'"

"All your trouble came from forgetting to lash your ballast bag,"
remarked Harry. "I hope it will teach you a lesson."

"That's a proper remark for a Commodore who wants to enforce
discipline," cried Charley; "but I insist that the trouble came from
carrying too much sail."

"The sail would have been all right if it hadn't been for the wind,"
replied Harry.

"And the wind wouldn't have done us any harm if we hadn't been on the
lake," added Joe.

"Boys, attention!" cried Harry. "Captain Charles Smith is hereby
appointed sailing-master of this fleet, and will be obeyed and respected
accordingly, or, at any rate, as much as he can make us obey and respect
him. Anyhow, it will be his duty to tell us how much sail to carry, and
how to manage the canoes under sail."

"This is the second day of the cruise," remarked Joe, an hour later, as
he crept into his blankets, "and I have been wet but once. There is
something wrong about it, for on our other cruises I was always wet
through once every day. However, I'll hope for the best."

In the middle of the night Joe had reason to feel more satisfied. It
began to rain. As his rubber blanket was wet, and in that state seemed
hotter than ever, Joe could not sleep under the shelter of it, and, as
on the previous night, went to sleep with nothing over him but his
woollen blanket. His head was underneath the deck, and as the rain began
to fall very gently, it did not awaken him until his blanket was
thoroughly wet.

He roused himself, and sat up. He was startled to see a figure wrapped
in a rubber blanket sitting on his deck. "Who's there?" he asked,
suddenly. "Sing out, or I'll shoot!"

"You can't shoot with a jackknife or a tin bailer, so I'm not much
afraid of you," was the reply.

"Oh, it's you, Tom, is it?" said Joe, much relieved.

"My canoe's half full of water, so I came out into the rain to get dry."

"Couldn't you keep the rain out of the canoe with the rubber blanket?"

"The canoe is fourteen feet long, and hasn't any deck, and the blanket
is six feet long. I had the blanket hung over the paddle, but of course
the rain came in at the ends of the canoe."

"Well, I'm pretty wet, for I didn't cover my canoe at all. What'll we
do?"

"Sit here till it lets up, I suppose," replied Tom. "It must stop
raining some time."

"I've got a better plan than that. Is your rubber blanket dry inside?
Mine isn't."

"Yes, it's dry enough."

"Let's put it on the ground to lie on, and use my rubber blanket for a
tent. We can put it over a ridge-pole about two feet from the ground,
and stake the edges down."

"What will we do for blankets? It's too cold to sleep without them."

"We can each borrow one from Harry and Charley. They've got two apiece,
and can spare one of them."

Joe's plan was evidently the only one to be adopted; and so the two boys
pitched their little rubber tent, borrowed two blankets, and crept under
shelter. They were decidedly wet, but they lay close together, and
managed to keep warm. In the morning they woke up, rested and
comfortable, to find a bright sun shining and their clothes dried by the
heat of their bodies. Neither had taken the slightest cold, although
they had run what was undoubtedly a serious risk, in spite of the fact
that one does not easily take cold when camping out.

As they were enjoying their breakfast, the canoeists naturally talked
over the events of the previous day and night. Harry had been kept
perfectly dry by his canoe tent, one side of which he had left open, so
as to have plenty of fresh air; and Charley had also been well protected
from the rain by his rubber blanket, hung in the usual way over the
paddle, although he had been far too warm to be comfortable.

"I'm tired of suffocating under that rubber blanket of mine, and I've
invented a new way of covering the canoe at night, which will leave me a
little air to breathe. I'll explain it to you when we camp to-night,
Joe."

"I'm glad to hear it, for I've made up my mind that I'd rather be rained
on than take a Turkish bath all night long under that suffocating
blanket."

"Will your new plan work on my canoe?" asked Tom.

"No; nothing will keep that 'Rice Lake' bath-tub of yours dry in a rain
unless you deck her over."

"Now that we've had a chance to try our sails, which rig do you like
best, Sailing-master?" asked Harry.

"That lateen-rig that Joe has," replied Charley. "He can set his sail
and take it in while the rest of us are trying to find our halyards. Did
you see how the whole concern--spars and sail--floated free of the canoe
of their own accord the moment she capsized?"

"That's so; but then my big balance-lug holds more wind than Joe's
sail."

"It held too much yesterday. It's a first-rate rig for racing, but it
isn't anything like as handy as the lateen for cruising; neither is my
standing-lug. I tried to get it down in a hurry yesterday, and the
halyards jammed, and I couldn't get it down for two or three minutes."

"I can get my leg-of-mutton in easy enough," remarked Tom, "but I can't
get the mast out of the step unless the water's perfectly smooth, and I
don't believe I could then without going ashore."

"Now, Commodore," said Charley, "if you'll give the order to start, I'll
give the order to carry all sail. The breeze is light and the water is
smooth, and we ought to run down to the end of the lake by noon."

The little fleet made a beautiful appearance as it cruised down the lake
under full sail. The breeze was westerly, which fact enabled the canoes
to carry their after-sails--technically known as "dandies"--to much
advantage. When running directly before the wind the "dandy" is
sometimes a dangerous sail, as it is apt to make the canoe broach to;
but with a wind from any other direction than dead aft it is a very
useful sail.

The canoes sailed faster than they had sailed the day before, because
there was no rough sea to check their headway. They reached Magog at
noon, and went to look at the dam which crosses the Magog River a few
rods from the lake, and wondered how they were ever to get through the
rapids below it.

There was a place where the canoes could be lowered one by one over the
breast of the dam, but the rapids, which extended from below the dam for
nearly a quarter of a mile, were very uninviting to a timid canoeist.
The water did not seem to be more than three or four feet deep, but it
was very swift, and full of rocks. "You boys can't never run them rapids
in them boats," said a man who came to look at the canoes.

The boys did not like to be daunted by their first rapid, and as there
did not seem to be much risk of drowning, they decided to take the
chances of getting the canoes through it safely. Harry gave the order to
lash everything fast in the canoes that could be washed overboard, and
he prepared to lead the way in the _Sunshine_.

It was magnificent sport shooting down the rapid like an arrow. The
canoes drove through two or three waves which washed the decks. Harry's
and Charley's canoes each struck once while in the rapid, but in each
case only the keel struck the rock, and the current dragged the canoes
safely over it. Every one was delighted with the way his canoe had
acted, and with the skill with which he had avoided this or that rock,
or had discovered the best channel just at the right moment. In their
excitement they let the canoes float gently down the stream, until they
suddenly discovered another rapid at the beginning of a sharp bend in
the river just ahead of them.

It was nothing like as fierce in appearance as the first rapid, and as
Harry led the way, the others followed close after him, one behind the
other, fancying that they could run the rapid without the least trouble.
Half-way down Harry's canoe struck on a rock, swung broad-side to the
current, and hung there. Tom was so close behind him that he could not
alter his course, and so ran straight into the _Sunshine_ with a
terrible crash. The _Dawn_ and the _Twilight_ instantly followed, and as
the four canoes thus piled together keeled over and spilled their
occupants into the river, it began to look as if the rapid had
determined to make the irreverent young canoeists respect it.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




HOW BILLY WENT UP IN THE WORLD.

BY ANNETTE NOBLE.

Part II.


It was a spring evening, so very fair that even Billy Knox had taste
enough to be pleased with the robins, the hedges, and the May blossoms.
He was halting on his way home, under the tree into which he had fallen
eight months before. The balloon was not there; its owner had it back
long ago.

That Billy had a home is to be accounted for in this way: The evening
after Peter, the tailor, took him in to supper, he remained overnight,
and after breakfast he went out and milked the cow. He walked to the
woods and chopped fuel enough for a week. Then he staid to dinner.
During the afternoon he found three cents in what was left of his
trousers pocket, and he put that at once into the family treasury. In
the days that followed he haunted the next town, a larger one than
Langham. Whenever he earned anything he returned with it to the red
house with the sunflowers, where, without any talk about it, he came at
last to consider himself at home. He brought in as much as he ate. He
amused little Ben, and made his life much more exciting. Peter did not
care how long he staid so that he paid his way.

On this particular evening Billy seemed in the highest spirits. He
leaped up joyously and hung from the branches of the tree. He was
prancing about like a colt, when down the lane came a man, but not
Peter. This time it was Squire Ellery, who owned the house in which
Peter lived. He was a hard-working, quiet-appearing farmer, respected by
everybody.

"I ain't going to do it," exclaimed the boy, hastily.

"What are you going to do instead?" asked the man. "Are you going to
grow up a loafer and turn out a tramp?"

"No; I have got something prime on hand that suits me exactly."

"What is it?"

"Well," began Billy, "you know the Annerly Minstrel Troupe, don't you?"

"Yes, I know of them."

"They stay in the town all winter, but summers they go travelling around
the country. I have been helping them for nothing lately--odd jobs off
and on--and they like me. Once when the 'end-man' was sick I took his
place at the last minute, and I made so much fun that the manager said
he would take me along this summer and make a crack performer of me. He
will give me some clothes, and when I get valuable to him he will pay me
well. Ain't that something like?"

"Yes, Billy Knox, it is something like--something like a monkey, more
like a fool--for you to smut your face, to tell silly jokes, to grin and
giggle and dress up in petticoats at night, that you may learn to swear
and drink and gamble by day. That is what it is like exactly."

The farmer laid his hard hand on the boy's red head, but his voice was
soft as he said, kindly: "Take more time to think it all over, Billy.
Remember, I promise to feed, clothe, and send you to school winters, and
when you get valuable to me I will also pay you wages. Your work will be
hoeing corn and potatoes instead of braying like a donkey or thrumming
on a banjo; but you will respect yourself a good deal more. It will be
better to wash the sweat of honest labor off your face than to be
smearing it into a blackamoor's. I will help you make a man of yourself
if you are only willing and ready, Billy."

The boy thought of dull days in the fields, with oxen for companions;
then of foot-lights, gay music, and laughter. He rubbed his boots on the
grass and muttered, "Much obliged, Mr. Ellery, but I ain't ready for
_that_, nor willing either, in your way of doing it."

"Very well; I have said all I am going to say. I shall never ask you
again."

Billy trudged home rather soberly. He opened the cottage door a little
later, and at his footfall Ben sprang from the pantry and stood
anxiously watching his pockets. Billy knew exactly what it meant. Ben
had gone to the cupboard, "And when he got there the cupboard was bare."
This had often happened of late. Billy pulled out of one pocket a few
slices of bacon, and out of another a tiny paper of tea, saying:
"Granny, I have got you some to-night--tea, granny."

"Oh yes. When you were in your cradle, I told my husband you would live
to take care of me."

"She thinks you are father," stuttered Ben, as he got out the
frying-pan. Soon the whole place was filled with the welcome odor of
bacon and tea. Billy cut some bread, and seizing granny's chair, pushed
it to the table. He stared at her while she asked her blessing, and idly
watched the sunbeams in the rusty lace of her old cap. When she opened
her eyes, which were as blue as a baby's, she added, tenderly: "God
bless you, dear. You brought us a good supper."

It was seldom that she spoke so coherently, but a bit of a prayer often
seemed to clear for a moment her mind, as a precious drop might act in
some unsettled mixture.

"What if granny should not have any supper some night when I am gone?"
was the thought that rushed into the boy's mind, and into his eyes came
tears. His heart was touched by the thought. What preachers and teachers
and offers of help had never been able to effect, the trustful gratitude
of a feeble little old woman had accomplished. He choked, spluttered,
and pretended he had swallowed the tea the wrong way. Then he did like
unto sinners the world over--he tried to harden his heart again. He
reflected that this was Peter's home and Peter's mother. It was Peter's
business to support his own family. It was Billy's business to rise in
the world.

After supper he made ready for certain exercises very common in the
cabin of late--exercises which he considered likely to improve him in
his chosen "profession." He pushed granny's chair back into the
chimney-corner, and waited until she dozed before he exclaimed, "Come,
Ben!"

[Illustration: BILLY AND BEN REHEARSING.]

Poor Ben! his face grew more mournful than ever. It was no longer any
fun for him, but he patiently consented, and arranged the stage
"properties." He tied on his own and Billy's black masks and their stiff
paper collars, wishing much that his own did not so savagely cut his
poor little ears. He then sat meekly down at the end of the semicircle
of seats, and solemnly got off all the laboriously learned jokes that
his stammering tongue could compass. He surrendered himself to Billy in
a waltz that made every lock of his lint-white hair fly out straight,
and which finally left him breathless under the table legs.

Well, after Ben had been, with some changes of costume, a giraffe, a
Zulu, a Broadway belle, and a propounder of conundrums, he became so
incapable of being anything else but a tired little boy that Billy
relented, and let him lie on the ragged old lounge. In the quiet that
followed, the older boy's brain began to work upon a question that
worried him much. Should he go on a farm, or should he follow his own
fascinating plan? He waked up Ben, and told, in a most engaging way, of
the wonderful minstrel career which opened before him, and he reported
Squire Ellery's offer, but not his words of disapproval. Now Ben, who
was but eight years old, had his own thoughts, and all the more of them
that he gave so few away in words.

"If it was me," said little Ben, promptly, if somewhat sleepily, "I
would rather be out in the sunlight making th-th-things gr-gr-grow.
Wheat fields are so pretty, and I like ca-ca-cattle. They always seem to
know me if I co-co-come near them. I never would dance until I got dizzy
if I could help it. I think it is si-si-silly; it ain't being a man."

Billy gazed at Ben, somewhat surprised. Here were words almost like
Squire Ellery's coming as if they were quoted from out of this
Hop-o'-my-Thumb.

"Ben," he said, "you don't really know anything about minstrel shows.
Some day I will take you to the regular thing."

"I would rather stay here and read to granny. I should be afraid."

"Stay, then, you little coward!" said Billy, roughly.

Granny dozed and snored softly; the lean cat sprang into Ben's arms, and
they slept peacefully together; while Billy walked the room, and peered
out of the window-panes. He half decided that he would go to the farmer
in the morning. Then he half decided he never would go. At last granny
awoke, and said, "Bring the Book and read good words; we have had enough
of this day."

Ben would not wake up. He really could not do so after his hard evening
exercises; and when Billy shook him, the cat took Ben's part, and
scratched Billy resentfully.

"Well, I would as soon read as to hear him stutter over it," said the
older boy, getting the Bible, the cover of which had been bright and
fresh when granny had been so herself. Now it was as nearly out of its
binding as was her soul.

"'The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back
in the day of battle,'" read Billy, just where he opened the Book. Then
he asked, "Wouldn't they fight?"

"Able but not willing to do what a body ought to do. I don't remember
about the fighting. Perhaps it was only to endure something. Now I will
go to bed," said granny, forgetting that Billy had read but one verse.

When he was left alone, he sat and pondered on those children of Ephraim
until Peter tumbled into the house in his usual state. Then he let Ben
sleep on, and he himself helped the tailor to bed, doing it with much
less ceremony than the latter approved of.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




[Illustration: MORNING AND EVENING.--DRAWN BY MARY A. LATHBURY.]




BADMINTON.

BY SHERWOOD RYSE.


It is first cousin to lawn tennis, and it is so like lawn tennis that
any one would guess that the two games were closely related. Perhaps
most boys and girls would say that Badminton is a slow game, and very
childish; and, compared with lawn tennis, perhaps it is. But although it
is by no means so robust a game, and requires not nearly so much skill
as its cousin, it has many advantages. Lawn tennis is an out-door game,
and demands a great deal of space and the best possible light; otherwise
it gets sulky. Badminton, on the other hand, can put up with a small
space and a moderately good light. Being, as we have said, less robust
than the other game, wind does not agree with it. Nevertheless, in still
weather it can be played out-of-doors, and in-doors in all weathers.

The small space required is a great advantage that Badminton enjoys. A
large part of the population of this great country lives in city houses,
whose back yards are perhaps fifty feet long and only half as wide. Not
much in the way of games can be done in a city back yard; yet one can
play Badminton there. What if it be planted with posts on which the
laundress stretches her clothes-line? So much the better. We shall want
those posts, if they are conveniently placed, for we have a net to
spread. This should be fastened to the posts so that the top of it is
five feet from the ground, and a net (or a strip of calico) two feet
wide, and as long as the distance between the posts, will be quite large
enough.

The court may be marked out with whitening or chalk, and should measure
about twenty feet by fifteen on each side of the net. At a distance of
five feet from the net, on each side, the service lines are drawn, and
then the court is complete.

The implements of the game are merely battledores and shuttlecocks. Very
babyish, you will say. But if you can once overcome your pride, and
condescend to use such playthings, you will find that the game is not
nearly so babyish as you may think it. The battledores should be good
ones, strong and heavy, and strung either with catgut, like a tennis
racket, or with string. The shuttlecock is greatly improved by being
made heavy. Those sold in stores especially for Badminton are already
made heavy enough, but the ordinary toy shuttlecocks require a little, a
very little, melted lead poured into a hole in the cork. As the lead
cools and hardens, the cork closes around it, and holds it tight.

The rules of Badminton are very much like those of lawn tennis, except
that every stroke must be "volleyed"--that is, the shuttlecock must be
struck before it touches the ground, for of course it will not bound.
The "server" must send his first ball so that if it were to fall to the
ground it would fall _beyond_ the service line of his opponent's court,
and not within it, as in lawn tennis. After the service it may be
returned to any part of the opponent's court, and kept up until one of
the players fails to return it over the net, or hits it so far that it
falls outside of the opponent's court.

The game is counted in the same manner as in lawn tennis--fifteen,
thirty, forty, game; with deuce and vantage, when the score is forty
all--and the one who first wins six games wins the set. Two, three, or
four persons can play at the same time.

With good players, it will frequently happen that the shuttlecock will
be kept in the air for several minutes without falling to the ground,
and it is interesting to keep count of the number of times that it is
thus returned over the net. At the same time it must be remembered that
the object of the game is to send the shuttlecock so that the opponent
can _not_ return it; hence it will be contrary to the spirit of the game
to encourage long rallies by purposely sending easy returns.




RIGHT THROUGH A BARN.

BY WILLIAM O. STODDARD.


"Rube," said Bun Gates, when they came together one day after breakfast,
"did you hear about Squire Cudworth's new barn?"

"Guess there isn't anything more to hear about it. Folks didn't talk of
anything else while he was putting it up. Father said it would hold
horses enough to run a livery-stable."

"That isn't it. I heard all about it at breakfast. The railroad's goin'
to run right through it."

"Right through the barn? I wish they'd run it through the academy, if
'twasn't for spoiling the green."

"It's cut Pop Simmons's orchard right in two, and they've tore away
Widow McCue's pig-pen, spite of all Felix and Biddy could do to stop
'em. Now it's the big barn."

"Biggest barn there ever was anywhere around here. It's just awful. Did
you ever see a railroad?"

"Only the streak they've made along where this one's going to come. I'll
tell you what father said, though."

"What did he say, Bun?"

"He said it was one of old Squire Cudworth's jokes. There was a quarrel
between him, and the railroad, and so he put the barn there to keep it
from coming through."

"It won't do it, Bun. A railroad'll go right through a hill and not half
try."

"Come on, Rube, we'll be late; but father says he guesses the railroad
didn't make anything very heavy out of the Squire's joke."

When the class in arithmetic was called up that fore-noon, Bun Gates and
Rube Hollenhouser went down to the foot of it, one after the other, for
the first time that academy term. When they got there and could have a
good look at each other's slates, they each knew what sort of a picture
the other could make of Squire Cudworth's big barn, with something full
of fire and smoke and steam smashing into it at both ends.

The afternoon wore away, a little at a time, until it was all gone, but
every boy they knew had heard of what was coming to Squire Cudworth's
barn by that time, and at least a dozen of them wanted to go and have a
look at it.

Squire Cudworth was standing at the corner of the barn, a very large,
fat, rosy-faced man, with his hands in his pockets, and he looked as if
he were waiting for something. He chuckled all over, and they could hear
him jingle the money in his pockets as he recognized the boys.

"That's the railroad, boys. Them's the ties, and some call 'em sleepers.
The rails are glued down on 'em. You'll see some men come along pretty
soon with great bundles of iron rails in one hand and pots of glue in
the other. They're 'most here now. By to-morrer night that barn of mine
won't be a safe place for hosses. It's awful, boys--jest awful!"

"How do you s'pose they'll get through the barn?" asked Bun.

"Can't say. I've kep' 'em off long as I could. That's what I'm here for
now. We don't need any railroad in Prome Centre. That's what I told 'em.
If they'd only dig the creek out good and deep, so it would be of some
use. They wouldn't, though, and I might as well have built my barn right
in the middle of the creek."

Every boy in the crowd was listening to him, but not one of them could
see what there was in it all that made the old Squire chuckle so. Three
or four asked,

"Does it go through on Friday?"

"Day after to-morrer, boys. I shall be out of breath by that time. Have
to go home and go to bed, and put all my hosses in the old barn up on
the hill. You'd all better be here then. Tell all the other boys. Have
'em all come." Chuckle, chuckle, chuckle, and the bunches of keys and
the small change jingled merrily, as if the Squire were making fun of
the railroad, or the boys, or of his misfortunes.

"We'll all be here," said Rube. "Boys, there'll be something worth
seeing, sure's you live."

They were most of them at one place or another along the track before
school next morning, and at the noon recess they compared notes of the
matters they had seen--men spiking down rails with big hammers, for
instance, instead of glue-pots. It was a great time for a lot of boys
who had never seen anything of the kind before, and Rube Hollenhouser
stirred up their envy a little. He said:

"Dolf Zimmerman's been on a railroad. He told me all about it. There was
an accident, too, and he'd have been killed as dead as a hammer if he'd
been there."

"Dolf Zimmerman!" exclaimed a fellow who lived away at the upper end of
the village. "Who cares for him? He's travelled, that's all. This
railroad of ours is going to run right through Cudworth's barn. I guess
he wouldn't want to be riding on it just then."

There was a general agreement with that opinion, but the boys who lived
at places below Zimmerman's store all found an errand in there before
the day was over. Some of them only bought a cent's worth of something,
and looked at Dolf, but three or four asked him questions right out, and
it was Felix McCue who got the most out of him. The Widow McCue never
traded at Zimmerman's, and it was a bold thing for Felix to walk in and
ask of Dolf over the counter,

"What's the price of yer bist Jayvy coffee?"

"Thirty-five cents a pound."

"That's what I wanted to know. Do yiz think it'll be any chaper after
the railroad gits through the barrn?"

"Oh, you get eout! You don't want any coffee."

"Don't I, thin? I don't belave ye know any more about a railroad than I
do meself. Come on, b'yes. He's been humbuggin' ye."

Rube Hollenhouser afterward stood up manfully for Dolf Zimmerman's
reputation as a traveller, and all the cows in Prome Centre went to
their pastures very early the next morning. That was Friday, and it was
to be the last day of the mortal life of Squire Cudworth's big barn, and
there were a good many older people, as well as very young ones, who
were willing to hurry through their breakfasts, and walk over to see
what the Squire was going to do about it. Everybody knew more or less
about the quarrel between him and the railway company, and there was not
a doubt in the minds of his fellow-citizens but what he had beaten the
corporation in every point but the one of keeping his barn.

There he was, when Rube and Bun and little Jeff Gates, and a crowd of
other boys and their brothers and sisters, and some of their fathers and
mothers and aunts and uncles, began to swarm around and look at him.
There was the Squire, indeed, and his face was redder than ever, and Bun
Gates remarked,

"I say, Rube, how he does jingle!"

"Yes, but haven't they made that railroad jingle? They've nailed down
the rails 'most up to the stable-door on each side. If an engine should
come now, it could run its nose against the barn."

"They've got to do it, Rube. They've got to smash it right through."

"I say, Bun, the stable's full of men. They're working at something.
Hear 'em hammer?"

"There's another lot around outside. See 'em?"

"Hear 'em in the barn! Wonder 'f they'd let us in."

"Guess not. I don't want to go in, neither. Hey! What's that?"

Every face in the gathering crowd was suddenly turned toward the north,
as if one pull had fetched them all around at the same instant. Not that
they saw anything, but that the deafest man among them could hear the
whistle of the coming locomotive. It would be the first of its kind ever
seen in Prome Centre, and now it was gathering itself, they all knew,
for a rush down that track at Squire Cudworth's barn.

More boys were coming, and they all asked questions the moment they
could get their breaths after they reached the crowd and had one look at
the barn. It was there yet, and so was the Squire, but there had been
another awful whistle, up north, beyond Pop Simmons's orchard.

"Rube," said Bun, "those fellows are just a-jerking that stable out of
its boots. They're h'isting the roof off now."

"Hear 'em hammering inside? There's something going on. Don't they just
swarm, though, and can't they work!"

It was a simple fact that the railway company had sent a good many men
to take care of the last obstacle in its way, and Squire Cudworth's joke
lasted to the very end. He began to grow redder and redder in the face.
Then he jingled more than ever for a minute, and then he stopped
jingling altogether, for just then it seemed as if the whole side of the
stable was stripped off at a push or two. The roof was already off. One
minute more and the ends were gone, doors and all, and a well-dressed,
gentlemanly person stepped out along the track.

"Boys!" shouted Rube. "There's the railroad now. Inside the stable."

"If they haven't put down a track right where the floor was!" said Bun.

There sounded another tremendous shriek from beyond the orchard, and a
cloud of smoke and steam began to move along over the tree-tops.

"Here she comes, boys!"

"She's a-coming! She's a coming!"

"Hark, Rube," said Bun. "What's that man saying to Squire Cudworth?"

They heard him, and he said it very politely.

"Quick work, eh, Mr. Cudworth?"

"Sharp. Far as you've gone. Think you'll get the whole of it off
to-day?"

"Off? Oh no. Don't you see? We're making a station-house out of the main
barn. Just the thing. Set it up a little higher; that's all. Quite a
saving of money to the company."

"Bun," said Rube, "did you ever see old Squire Cudworth look so angry as
he does now? Guess they must have got the joke on him somehow."

"It'll make him sick if they have."

"Hey! She's 'most got here!"

They were all holding their breaths for the next minute or so, for there
was the first locomotive they had ever seen outside of a picture, and it
was whistling and coughing and ringing its bell and backing and starting
and doing everything but dance, right through where Squire Cudworth's
stable had been.

"Rube, they're not going to pull down any more of the barn."

"Tell you what, though, they never'd have got through the way they did
if they hadn't laid some track inside and knocked the doors down."

"Course they wouldn't. I say, old Squire Cudworth's going home."

"Hear the 'cademy bell! Did you know it was nine o'clock? What'll we say
to Miss Eccles?"

"I don't care so much, Rube. She won't get a roomful till this crowd
gets there. There's about as many girls as boys."

"Black marks all 'round. She's seen a railroad before, or she'd have
been here herself. I ain't so sorry as I was about that barn. Do you
know what's a station-house?"

"I guess I do, but we'd better stop after school and ask Dolf
Zimmerman."

At the supper table that evening, Bun Gates heard his father say to his
mother: "Squire Cudworth? Oh yes, he got a good price for his barn. What
made him sick was the railway superintendent thanking him for building
them so nice a station-house, just where they wanted it. He tried to
laugh, but he couldn't, and everybody else did."




[Illustration: "GOOD-MORNING!"]




AN UNDER-GROUND ESCAPE.

BY W. W. FENN.


Snap, my little fox-terrier, was the most affectionate and devoted dog I
ever remember. It mattered not where I went, he was sure to be close to
my heels, and the thicker the crowd, the closer he kept to them. For the
three years that I lived in London, in all our wanderings I never once
missed him or had any trouble with him.

As far as possible, dogs are prohibited from travelling on the
under-ground railway; but as I had constantly to travel by it from
King's Cross to Paddington, and Snap's habit of keeping close being well
known to the officials, they winked at his accompanying me.

On a certain afternoon, being, as usual, on my way to Paddington, and a
train being due at King's Cross, I made a rush for it, and reached the
platform just as a train was coming into the station.

Jumping into a compartment, I looked to see if the dog was with me, but
to my dismay, as a porter slammed the door and the train began to move,
I observed Snap on the platform, running wildly up and down looking for
me. Suddenly he saw me at the window, but it was too late; and as we
entered the darkness of the tunnel, I heard him give a despairing bark.

I felt angry with myself for not looking after him more carefully, and
resolved to get out at the next station and go back for him. But how had
he missed me? I could not understand it, for he had never done such a
thing before. Five minutes brought us to Gower Street, and a train then
due took me back in another five minutes to where I had started from.

"Have you seen my dog?" I asked of a porter there who knew me.

"Your dog, sir?" answered the man. "Oh yes, to be sure. You left him
behind, didn't you? Well, as the train went into the tunnel, I saw him
jump from the platform and follow it."

"What!" I said; "he wasn't following it when we reached Gower Street."

"Wasn't he? Then I expect he's still in the tunnel. The train went too
fast for him to keep up with it."

"He'll be run over!" I exclaimed, very nervous for Snap's safety.

"Tell you what, sir. I'll go and get permission, if you like, from the
inspector to take a lantern and see if we can find him."

I thanked the man, and he started off to get the necessary permission,
which the inspector gave, after saying something about people having no
right to bring dogs into the station. Together the man and I then went
into the tunnel.

The unaccustomed darkness, to say nothing of the perils of such an
expedition, inspired me with considerable dread, and I kept tight hold
of my guide's arm. When we had advanced some two or three hundred yards
along the under-ground highway, or rather "low" way, the lights of an
up-train became visible. As it went by and we stood still for a minute,
the roar and rattle were not calculated to dispel my nervousness. They
were terrible--deafening. Immediately it had passed, the porter cried
out,

"Look there, sir--look; there he goes!"

He was pointing toward the red danger light at the tail of the receding
train, and there, sure enough, was Snap scampering after it at a pace
which no one could have given a fox-terrier credit for. I began to call
and whistle as loudly as I could, but my voice was drowned by the
hissing whir and rattle going on. Just then another engine hove in sight
on our line of rails, and we had rapidly to step back into one of the
recesses, or man-holes, as I believe they are called. When this second
train had shot past us, there again, to our astonishment, was Snap
galloping after it. He had not observed us, of course. We then walked on
some little way further along the tunnel, and in a minute another
up-train passed us, and there once more was the dog behind it.

"How ridiculous," I cried, "and yet how painful, to see the poor little
beast tearing to and fro for dear life in this way! He will surely be
run over before long."

But the reason was obvious: he could not keep up with the speed of the
train, and by the time it had distanced him, another probably passed in
the opposite direction, when, confused by the noise and turmoil, he
turned immediately and pursued that. It seemed to me simply marvellous
that he had escaped the wheels even so far in these agonizing efforts to
find me.

As the lights of the next engine came in view, I resolved to give the
last carriage just time to pass, and then to rush out, and, if possible,
to intercept my poor pet, for I expected him again to return with that.
I was not mistaken, and as I slipped from the man-hole in front of the
dog, the porter held his lantern so that its light fell full upon my
form. Snap instantly recognized, me, and with one bound and a breathless
yelp landed on my breast, and clasping me tightly round the neck with
his two fore-legs as if they had been the arms of a loving child, he
rubbed his wet nose excitedly against my face. Terrified well-nigh unto
death, gasping and exhausted, and all the time uttering a plaintive
little wail of delight, he lay almost motionless in this position for
several minutes, while his affectionate heart beat like a small
sledge-hammer against mine. This simple but intense demonstration of
canine devotion, in the gloomy depths of the under-ground, with only the
faint rays of the porter's lamp to illuminate the scene, was very
touching.

"You have got a noble little chap there, sir," said the man, as he led
the way cautiously back to the platform. "He was worth a bit of trouble
to find, and no mistake."

"Quite true, my friend," I answered, "and I'll take good care for the
future to pop him under my arm when I travel on the Metropolitan Railway
again."

"I reckon he won't give ye the chance, sir," said the man. "I know a bit
about dogs, and I shouldn't wonder if he fights shy of the stations
altogether after this."

The man was right, for never since that day have I been able to induce
Snap to come within yards of the head of the railway station stairs.
Coax and cajole him as I will, he always resists. He looks up at me with
such a pitiful expression, as much as to say, "Why, you wouldn't risk
losing me again, would you?" That I have at last conceded the point to
him you will readily understand, for I need hardly add that if I had a
strong regard for my dog before, it has grown into a real and strong
affection now.




[Illustration]

THE BEAUTIFUL LAND OF NOD.

BY ELLA WHEELER.


  Come, cuddle your head on my shoulder, dear--
    Your head like the golden-rod--
  And we will go sailing away from here
    To the beautiful Land of Nod.
  Away from life's worry and hurry and flurry,
    Away from earth's shadows and gloom,
  We will float off together to a world of fair weather,
    Where blossoms are always in bloom.
  Just shut up your eyes and fold your hands--
    Your hands like the leaves of a rose--
  And we will go sailing to those fair lands
    That never an atlas shows.
  On the north and west they are bounded by rest,
    On the south and the east by dreams.

  'Tis the country ideal where nothing is real,
    But everything only _seems_.
  Just drop down the curtain of your dear eyes--
    Your eyes like the bright bluebell--
  And we will sail out under star-lit skies
    To the land where the fairies dwell.
  Down the river of sleep our bark shall sweep
    Till it reaches that magical isle
  Which no man has seen, but where all have been,
    And there we will pause awhile.
  I will croon you a song as we float along
    To that shore that is blessed of God.
  Then, ho! for that fair land, we're off for that rare land,
    The beautiful Land of Nod!




[Illustration: OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.]


  BEAUCLERC, FLORIDA.

     I want to tell you about a visit to Mayport, at the mouth of the
     St. John's River. My brother and I left here at two o'clock on a
     hot day in July, on the steamer _Pastime_. Arriving at Jacksonville
     at three, we had an hour to wait, but at four we stepped on board
     the _Water Lily_, and were soon on our way. We sat on deck,
     enjoying the sail. At half-past six we reached Mayport, where we
     met mamma.

     Early the next morning I took a dip in the river, as I have learned
     to swim. It is easier to swim in salt-water than in fresh. The
     ocean is only two miles from Mayport, and we picked up on the beach
     quantities of sea-weed and shells. My brother found a beautiful
     jelly-fish washed far up on the shore.

     They are building a great jetty here, but it will not be done for
     ten years. Immense granite blocks are brought from New York for the
     purpose. There were several kinds, all glittering with streaks of
     mica. When the jetty is finished it will be fourteen or fifteen
     feet high, or above high-water mark. It will then be cemented all
     over the top and sides. The channel is nearly in the middle, and
     about two hundred yards wide. The intention is to confine the water
     inside, and let it flow only through the channel. Mattresses of log
     and brush are first sunk, and then stones are placed in layers on
     top of them.

  F. C. S.

The orange blossoms came safely. I fear the magnolia seeds of which you
speak in your postscript would not thrive and germinate in the cold
Northern climate. Your description of the jetty, or projecting pier,
which you saw building shows that you go about with your bright eyes
wide open.

       *       *       *       *       *

  TURIN, NEW YORK.

     I do not now go to school, as it is vacation, but school commences
     the 1st of September. I take music and painting lessons. I have
     painted but one picture, as I have taken only a few lessons yet. I
     went to Lyon's Falls yesterday. There was a large picnic there from
     Utica. The falls are very pretty, and there is a story about them
     that a long time ago an Indian was chasing a white man, and when
     they came to the edge of the falls, or just above (there is just
     above them quite a narrow place), the white man leaped over, but
     the Indian did not dare to follow. I did not like the way "Toby
     Tyler" ended, and I do not like the way "Mr. Stubbs's Brother" ends
     either.

  L. S. R.

     P.S.--Will you please tell me what Wiggles mean?

Wiggles are lines forming portions of the _outlines_ of pictures. When a
new Wiggle is given, it is a line which forms part of the outline of a
picture already drawn by our artist. Those who try to solve the Wiggle
problem draw a picture containing this line. Sometimes a little girl or
boy happens to draw a picture which closely resembles the one which was
the artist's idea when he drew the Wiggle which all are attempting.

We must ask Mr. Otis to make his next story end so happily that you and
the other little women who complain of him will be pleased and
satisfied. But we think that both stories conclude in a very natural
way.

       *       *       *       *       *

  FITCHBURG, MASSACHUSETTS.

     I am five years old. My birthday was the 28th of May. I live on a
     farm in summer, and have nice times blueberrying and playing in the
     sand-heap which is near the house. My sister picked two quarts of
     berries the other day. My papa goes to Boston every morning, and
     comes home at night. Wednesday nights he brings home YOUNG PEOPLE,
     and I am very glad to see it. I like "Mr. Stubbs's Brother" very
     much, and I think it was too bad the monkey ran away. My sister is
     writing this for me, because I can only print. I have two sisters,
     and they go to school a mile and a half from here. It is very dry
     here, and a great many things are dying.

  PHILIP SIDNEY W.

       *       *       *       *       *

  CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.

     I have no pets to tell about, not even a kitty, for my mamma
     dislikes both dogs and cats, and is afraid they may become mad, so
     she will not let us have them in the house. I suppose she knows
     best, because she is so much older and wiser than we children, but
     we can't help feeling a little bit sorry. We once had a pretty
     little yellow canary, but my uncle Horace took it to visit his
     canary and to help it build a nest. His cross old bird pecked off
     all our little pet's feathers, and it died. I suppose the old bird
     was jealous because ours could sing so well, and just killed it as
     Cain killed Abel. Though we have no birds or pets of any kind in
     our house, I am glad there are plenty of animals in Lincoln Park,
     and lots of birds there in the trees. Cruel boys sometimes frighten
     these birds and rob their nests. Can anything be more wicked than
     this conduct in boys? A great many sparrows make their home in some
     Virginia creepers that cover the front of our house. On Sunday last
     there was a great commotion in the vines, and we found after a
     while that it came from some old sparrows which were trying to make
     their young ones go out of the nest and earn their own living.
     By-and-by the young sparrows fluttered out of the vines to some
     trees near by, and then the noise stopped--and so must my writing,
     or you will think my letter too long to print.

  CECILIA A. B. M.

       *       *       *       *       *

Such letters as the one which follows are received with peculiar
pleasure by the publishers of YOUNG PEOPLE:

  OHIO STATE LIBRARY, COLUMBUS, OHIO.

     Though HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE is intended for that class of persons
     only, yet I trust it will not be unseemly for one of "older growth"
     to give expression to the entertainment and instruction derived
     from its pages. My interest, from the issue of the first number,
     continues as zealous as that of any boy or girl who anxiously
     awaits the coming chapters of "Mr. Stubbs's Brother." Not only are
     its serials intensely interesting, but each issue imparts also much
     useful knowledge. No greater or better source of instruction and
     amusement can be introduced in the family circle.

     Wishing you continued success in this pioneer of children's
     literature.

     I remain very respectfully yours,

  MARY C. HARBAUGH.
  Assistant Librarian.

       *       *       *       *       *

     I want to tell you how much pleasure I get from your paper. I am
     twelve years old, and live on a homestead. I have no brother nor
     sister. I go two miles to Sunday-school, and papa teaches me at
     home. I help papa on the claim, picket the stock and water them
     twice a day, seven head of them. I shoot with a rifle or shot-gun,
     and kill plenty of duck, but have not hit a wolf or antelope yet.
     If the buffalo were as plenty as their bones are, I would have a
     splendid time.

     I like all the articles in our YOUNG PEOPLE, but don't know how to
     wait for the continued stories. Sometimes I get more circus than
     Toby Tyler does. I ride the old cow or an ox, have a dog that
     understands a good deal of English, and like to work with my papa.

     I will send agates or petrifactions, for 2 ounces of maple-seeds,
     or beech-nuts, or basswood-seeds, or for 1 ounce of barberry-seeds.
     Seeds to be sound, and fit for planting. I want a few pine-seeds,
     for minerals.

     I ought to say that my HARPER's is a Christmas present, and it
     makes my Christmas last one year.

  DANNIE D. SHARP.
  Olivet, Hutchinson Co., Dakota.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OLNEY FARM, HARFORD COUNTY, MARYLAND.

     I am a little boy ten years old. I have a very little pony, about
     the size of a sheep, and it is perfectly white. I also have a
     kitten and squirrels. I have three brothers, and this summer they
     have all gone to Europe. My brother John has left me his pug Scamp
     to take care of, and that brother has given me HARPER'S YOUNG
     PEOPLE for my Christmas gift ever since it began. I have been sick,
     and I can hardly wait to hear the stories.

  J. ALEXIS S.

       *       *       *       *       *

  ACTON, CANADA.

     I am a little boy seven years old. I was born in New York State,
     but we came to Canada to live four years ago. My papa is a
     clergyman, and has a parish here in Acton, but when I get to be a
     man I am going back to the States to live. I go to school. Please
     don't give Toby a new hat; we like him just as he is best. My papa
     says we would not know him with a new hat on. My brother Frank and
     I have a pet dog and a rabbit. We went on a trip to a beautiful
     lake last summer, and one day, when out in a boat fishing, my papa
     saw a little black bear come down to the water to get a drink.

  REGINALD P.

You see, dear, the artist thought just as you did, that Master Toby
Tyler was quite jolly enough in his old hat.

       *       *       *       *       *

  TORONTO, CANADA.

     I am a boy ten years old. I like "Mr. Stubbs's Brother" very much.
     I go to the Upper Canada College; I like it very much. We have five
     horses; their names are Jumbo, Billy, his brother Jean, Ted, and
     Duke, the largest and gentlest. When the driver goes into the
     stall, Duke puts his head on his shoulder. If you give Jumbo an
     orange, he will eat it. I like cricket and foot-ball best of all
     the games. I am drilling at school; we have a sergeant to drill us.
     I like boating and swimming; I can swim pretty well now. I think
     fencing is splendid fun. We have a Zoo here. There is a man who
     puts his head into the alligator's mouth. Then he goes into the
     bear's and panther's cages. There is the largest Russian bear in
     the world here. We had no sleighing here last winter, but I went up
     to Owen Sound, and had some there in my Christmas holidays.

  ARTHUR V.

       *       *       *       *       *

  SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.

     I am a little girl ten years old. On Friday last mamma, papa, and I
     left, with some friends, on a trip to Mount Diablo. We started at
     eleven o'clock in the morning. Part of the way we went in a
     stage-coach, and had four horses. We went to a hotel that had been
     shut up for a long time. There were beds, but no bedding. It was
     after ten o'clock at night before we went to get dinner, and after
     one before we got to bed. We took blankets, as we thought it would
     be cold in the mountains, but, instead it was 110 in the shade. We
     went to the very top of one of the highest mountains of California.

  NANNIE D.

       *       *       *       *       *

  CLAREMONT, MINNESOTA.

     I love to read HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, it is so interesting. I am
     nine years old, and have been at school nine terms. I like to go to
     school. We have a dog by the name of Watch, I have some doves, and
     we have a cat. We have a great many flowers here. We have some up
     at school. I like to pick flowers. Do any of the little girls ever
     pick lady-slippers? They have a very pretty flower. I have a swing;
     it goes up pretty high. I like to swing. My brother put the swing
     up. My sister is my teacher this summer.

  GERTRUDE L. G.

Take care not to swing too high, nor too long at a time. Lady-slippers
are pretty, and are prettily named, too.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Y. P. R. U.

WHAT TO READ.

     DEAR POSTMISTRESS,--What books would you read if you were fourteen
     years old, had never been away from home, and were very fond of
     exciting novels?

  JOHN C.

It is a great pity that you should have formed a taste for exciting
novels at fourteen, but if I were you, I would overcome it by reading
interesting and entertaining books which are true. Fact is often
stranger and more thrilling than fiction. As you have never been away
from home, why not take up books of travel? You can sit at ease in your
own room, or perched in a crotch of the apple-tree, or half hidden in a
heap of fragrant hay, and go with Miss Bird to Japan, with Arthur Arnold
to Persia, with Miss Cumming to the Feejee Islands, or with Du Chaillu
to the Land of the Midnight Sun. There is hardly an out-of-the-way
corner of our globe to which some brave traveller has not gone, and
while reading the story of adventure or peril which the traveller
relates, you will learn a great deal, and will cure yourself of a love
for that sort of reading which is a mere waste of time.

       *       *       *       *       *

A LITTLE HEROINE.--The Postmistress mentions with honor the name of
Edith Baxter, of New York City. One bright afternoon in August, as the
children at the Avon Beach Hotel, Bath, Long Island, were playing on the
shore and in the surf, a little fellow named Harry Lee, five years old,
followed his companions to a float, on which he stepped without thought
of danger. Seeing them dive from it, he did the same. Presently a cry
was heard that Harry was drowning. Edith Baxter, a fearless little
swimmer, plunged in to the rescue, and as Harry came to the surface for
the third time, she caught and held him by his golden hair, and boldly
struck out for the shore. Help came, and the boy was saved. His grateful
parents and the other guests of the hotel presented Edith with a
beautiful gold watch and chain as a token of their admiration of her
bravery.

       *       *       *       *       *

  STAPLETON, NEW YORK.

     DEAR POSTMISTRESS,--Will you kindly suggest some nice game or games
     for a party of "grown-ups" on a summer's evening? If possible, I
     should like something which can be played outside on the piazza of
     a country house. If you will kindly help me, I shall be very much
     indebted to you.

  PUZZLED INQUIRER.

The season for sitting out-doors in the evening is almost over, but
there are many pleasant games which are equally suitable for the veranda
or the parlor. What do you think of this one? A group of friends are
seated together, and one begins by asking the company, "If you had your
choice, which would you be, a dragon-fly or an eel?" The word to be
brought into your answer is _Roses_.

A bright answer would be this:

  "The dragon-fly at eve reposes
  Upon a couch of fragrant roses,
  The eel in mud must hide away;
  A dragon-fly I'd be to-day."

Another: Bring in the word _Cobweb_ in reply to the question, "How would
you like to travel in the air?"

Answer:

  "I confess I should not greatly care
  To float like a cobweb in the air."

The game of Twenty Questions is very entertaining. One of the company
leaves the room, and during his absence the others fix upon a word to be
guessed by him. We will suppose Charley to have gone out. The Electric
Telegraph is chosen as the subject for him to find, and he is recalled.
They then proceed in this way:

     HONORA. We have fixed on a word. Can you guess it?

     CHARLEY. Is it animal, vegetable, or mineral?

     MARY (_who is asked_). Mineral.

     CHARLEY. Can it buy anything?

     ANNA. I think it can; at least I could buy things by means of it.

     CHARLEY. Oh, I guess! I suppose banks can't do without it, Ned, can
     they?

     EDWARD. I dare say they find it useful.

     CHARLEY. Anthony, do you ever keep it in your pocket?

     ANTHONY (_laughing_). No; that I don't.

     CHARLEY. Is it ever put in a purse, Fanny?

     FANNY. No indeed; it is _so_ big.

     CHARLEY (_catching at a new idea_). Then I was wrong; it is not
     money. Does it cross the sea?

     MARY. Yes. I think it does--that is, I believe it does sometimes.

     CHARLEY. Does it go very quickly?

     HONORA. It _works very, very_ quickly.

     CHARLEY. It works? It does not go, then, of itself? Is it used on
     railways?

     HONORA (_laughing_). Yes.

     CHARLEY. Does it pull you along sometimes, Mabel?

     MABEL. No, it does not; but sometimes it causes people to travel.

     CHARLEY. Is it very large?

     ANNA. No; very thin.

     CHARLEY. How long is it?

     FANNY. Sometimes miles long, sometimes very short. I have seen it
     not as long as my finger.

     CHARLEY. What can it be?

     ANTHONY. It is a very wonderful thing; it speaks without a voice.

     CHARLEY. Ah! and you can tell the hours by it, can't you? But no,
     it _can't_ be a clock, for the face of that is round, and it is not
     very thin. I know! I guess! It is the "Electric Telegraph."
     Anthony, _you_ have helped me to guess; _you_ must go out. But,
     Anna, how could you buy things with it?

     ANNA. I could send an order by it to a shop.

     CHARLEY. And when did Fanny see it not longer than her finger?

     ANNA. She saw a tiny piece of the Atlantic telegraph cable, the
     first one which was laid beneath the ocean. Aunt Maria had it set a
     charm for her watch.

     Anthony goes out.

       *       *       *       *       *

The attention of the C. Y. P. R. U. is called to an exceedingly
interesting article by Mrs. Sophie B. Herrick, entitled "Plants and
Animals--Their Difference." Both girls and boys will be interested in
the game of "Badminton," described by Sherwood Ryse, as also in Miss
Barr's poem, "The Burial of the Old Flag."

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been received from Christina Limburger,
Annie South, Eddie S. Hequembourg, Samuel H. Molleson, A. Bloomingdale,
Walter P. Knight, Daniel Lindo, Frank Acheson, "Gazetta," Louis Frost,
Lena Van Bosch, Ella E. A., Harry Johnston, Fannie E. Burt, Florence P.
Jones, "Lodestar," Benjamin Lowenthal, Phebe D., A. W. Starboard, Beck
Pierce, Puss Lester, John Tabb, "Count No Account," Olive A. McAdams,
Louisa Mix, Thomas Brown, "Gretchen," Elsie Fisher, Jimmy Towers, and
Eugene Davison.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

CHARADE.

  My first is needed both for man and beast
    If they their destined end would best pursue.
  My second may describe a kingly feast,
    Or tell about a heart both brave and true.
  My whole a star-and-spur-stamped coin of gold,
    Which, if we learn aright, is now four centuries old.

  J. P. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

TWO WORDS WITHIN A WORD.

1.-- -- seemed to hang heavily, they devised various -- to shorten it.

2. It is -- -- mean province that I am appointed --.

3. I see no -- -- such -- society.

4. I will be ready -- -- as our -- are taken apart and packed.

5. They were -- -- before the -- of the curtain.

6. Either -- -- I must give up our --.

7. It was for abstracting a -- -- rose diamond that he was about to --
the man.

  J. P. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

THREE ENIGMAS.

1.

  First in sight, not in eye.
  Second in yam, not in pie.
  Third in four, not in one.
  Fourth in laugh, not in pun.
  Fifth in catch, not in throw.
  Sixth in run, not in grow.
  Seventh in short, not in long.
  Eighth in glee, not in song.
  Whole is a place, whatever its fault,
  Where the people who live need never lack salt.

  LOUIS FROST.

2.

  First in Ida, not in May.
  Second in trip, not in play.
  Third in wave, not in shore.
  Fourth in less, not in more.
  Fifth in young, not in old.
  My whole is a land of which stories are told.

  IDA P.

3.

  First in gossip, not in talk.
  Second in crayon, not in chalk.
  Third in empty, not in full.
  Fourth in linen, not in wool.
  Fifth in naughty, not in bad.
  Sixth in multiply, not in add.
  Seventh in pastry, not in pie.
  Eighth in weeping, not in sigh.
  Ninth in horrid, not in nice.
  Whole a land of snow and ice.

  RUSSEL B. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 4.

THREE DIAMONDS--(_To Empire City_).

1.--1. A letter. 2. A vessel. 3. Something good to eat. 4. An animal
which hunts by night. 5. A letter.

2.--1. In apple. 2. A tree. 3. A book. 4. Something we expect in spring.
5. In cream.

3.--1. A letter. 2. A droll animal. 3. Part of a girl's dress. 4. A
virtue. 5. A letter.

  GRETCHEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 5.

BEHEADINGS.

1. I am a fiction; behead me, and I am capable.

2. I am a reality; behead me, and I am a deed.

3. I am a passage; behead me, and I am the whole.

4. I am a receptacle; behead me, and I am to entreat.

5. I am a rind; behead me, and I am a fish.

6. I mean to squeeze; behead me, and I am a measure.

  ELLA E. A.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 146.

No. 1.

Vacation Over, Reward of Merit.

No. 2.

Suez.

No. 3.

  E  ssen  E
  L  ear   N
  E ar-rin G
  A  nabe  L
  N   or   A
  O   me   N
  R   ea   D

No. 4.

Ned. Done. Bard. I. Elect.

Benedict Arnold.

La Plata. Mocha. Ethel. Pence. Ned.

Cocoa. Pet.

Health, peace, and competence.

No. 5.

      R           R           S
    T O E       R O W       A T E
  R O U N D   R O B I N   S T E A M
    E N D       B I N       E A T
      D           N           M

       *       *       *       *       *

[_For Exchanges, see 2d and 3d pages of cover._]




THE MENAGERIE.

[Illustration: MUSIC]




[Illustration: SOMETHING LIKE A BITE.]

       *       *       *       *       *

FISHING WITH A LANTERN TRAP.

A veteran trapper recommends a curious device for fishing at night,
known as the lantern trap. A pine torch or a bull's-eye lantern in the
bow of a boat has long been in use as a means of attracting fish, but an
illuminated bait under water is as novel a mode of fishing as it is
successful.

The bait is easily made. A piece of stick phosphorus the size of a
hazel-nut is cut into small pieces, and placed in a three-ounce glass
vial half filled with sweet-oil. Care must be taken to cut and handle
the phosphorus under water, as it is a dangerous substance to deal with.
After several hours the phosphorus dissolves in the oil and forms a
thick fluid, which in the dark will give forth a bright glow.

Having corked the bottle tightly, attach it to a string and drop it
overboard, as in ordinary fishing. The water around it becomes lighted
up, and many fish will be attracted by the unusual brightness.

Beneath the lantern an ordinary circular net should be let down, and
when the fish are swarming around the light, draw the net up quickly,
and it will go hard with you if you do not bring to the surface a good
haul of fish.

This is a novel and most ingenious mode of fishing, and though there is
very little sport in it compared with that of angling with a rod and
line, it may be useful when, as frequently happens, fish will not bite,
and the night's supper or the morrow's breakfast must be provided for,
lest the young woods-man go hungry to bed, or awake with a keen appetite
to realize that some hours must elapse before he can have breakfast.

       *       *       *       *       *

NATURAL HISTORY JINGLES.[2]

[2] From _New Games for Parlor and Lawn_. By GEORGE B. BARTLETT. New
York: Harper & Brothers. (_In Press._)

This very funny game was first suggested by the metre of the little
nursery rhyme intended to teach children to read. Each of the players is
given one letter of the alphabet in order, and has ten minutes allowed
him in which to choose an animal the name of which begins with the
letter that has been given to him, and to write a verse about it in the
style of the well-known jingle, "A was an archer," etc. When the time
has expired each recites his verse. A few specimen jingles are given
below to show that the verses must be made as grotesque and humorous as
possible, much more attention being given to rhyme than to reason:

  A was a curious old ant-eater,
  A very strange and remarkable creetur;
  And if of a sudden he wanted to dine,
  I should not much care if he took one of mine.

  B is a bison, whose rough, shaggy hide
  Is a comfortable thing when you take a sleigh-ride;
  But when he is in it, not pleasant to meet
  When he tramples the plain with his swift little feet.

  C is a scaly old crocodile,
  Who lazily sleeps in the mud of the Nile;
  But you never can trust in the strength of his nap,
  For if you go near him his great jaws may snap.

       *       *       *       *       *

SOLUTION OF MOON PUZZLE IN No. 147.

Cut the moon out of the sky, and place it over the end of the fan. Then
you will see inscribed on the fan the word "Taffy," which the little
girl is supposed to be giving to her cousin Gus.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "DOES POLLY WANT A CRACKER?"]

[Illustration: "YES; AND POLL'S GOT IT TOO, HASN'T SHE?"]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Harper's Young People, September 5,
1882, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, SEPT 5, 1882 ***

***** This file should be named 59586-8.txt or 59586-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/9/5/8/59586/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

